IDEAS.md, before:

### 1. Snake Game
_Classic game in which a snake turns using the up,down,left,right keys._
- [snake.py](/Games/snake_game) by [peppergreen00](https://github.com/peppergreen00)
### 2. Number Guesser
_Game in which user guesses a random number generated by computer in limited tries_
- [guess.c](/Games/guessing_game) by [hypernovaradiation](https://github.com/hypernovaradiation)
### 3. Random Number Generator
_A random number generator_
- [randnum.c](/Tools/random_number) by [hypernovaradiation](https://github.com/hypernovaradiation)<br>
- [randomnum.py](/Tools/random_number) by [Isurugunarathne](https://github.com/IsuruGunarathne)
### 4. Flappy Birds
_A classic game in which user have to tap/click to make the bird fly and make their way to obstacles_
### 5. Stone Paper Scissor
_Game in which user will play stone paper scissors with the bot_
### 6. Dual Dice
_A tool which can help when their is no dice for playing a game like backgammon_
### 7. Calculator
_A simple calculator (GUI / Non GUI)_
### 8. Journal Maker
_A simple note taking program which when openned, appends with the lines with current date and time_
### 9. Bulk Rename
_A program to rename more than one files at once_
### 10. Bounce off the walls
_..._
### 11. Tic Tac Toe
_Classic Tic Tac Toe game_
- [tictactoe](/Games/tic_tac_toe) by [anjalibarnwal31](https://github.com/anjalibarnwal31)

Commit message:

Added links to calculator programs

IDEAS.md, after:

### 1. Snake Game
_Classic game in which a snake turns using the up,down,left,right keys._
- [snake.py](/Games/snake_game) by [peppergreen00](https://github.com/peppergreen00)
### 2. Number Guesser
_Game in which user guesses a random number generated by computer in limited tries_
- [guess.c](/Games/guessing_game) by [hypernovaradiation](https://github.com/hypernovaradiation)
### 3. Random Number Generator
_A random number generator_
- [randnum.c](/Tools/random_number) by [hypernovaradiation](https://github.com/hypernovaradiation)<br>
- [randomnum.py](/Tools/random_number) by [Isurugunarathne](https://github.com/IsuruGunarathne)
### 4. Flappy Birds
_A classic game in which user have to tap/click to make the bird fly and make their way to obstacles_
### 5. Stone Paper Scissor
_Game in which user will play stone paper scissors with the bot_
### 6. Dual Dice
_A tool which can help when their is no dice for playing a game like backgammon_
### 7. Calculator
_A simple calculator (GUI / Non GUI)_
- [Arithmetic-Calculator.c](/Tools/Calculator/Arithmetic-Calculator.c) by [Silky1099](https://github.com/Silky1099)
- [arithmeticCalculator.java](/Tools/Calculator/arithmeticCalculator.java) by [Silky1099](https://github.com/Silky1099)
### 8. Journal Maker
_A simple note taking program which when openned, appends with the lines with current date and time_
### 9. Bulk Rename
_A program to rename more than one files at once_
### 10. Bounce off the walls
_..._
### 11. Tic Tac Toe
_Classic Tic Tac Toe game_
- [tictactoe](/Games/tic_tac_toe) by [anjalibarnwal31](https://github.com/anjalibarnwal31)
